hey it's Chris from beyond
black-and-white and here again for the
question of the week and today I have
again dr. gilda Karl and she is the
author of don't bet on the prince and
she is also the 32nd therapist for the
Today Show hi dr. gilda you look great
as usual thank you so so this is dive
right in okay so we have this young girl
who is in the city New York City your
neck of the woods clean yeah there's a
little unsure because she gave the
contact information to a guy that she
was interested in who she thought was
kind of open to interracial dating
because of what her friend told her she
gave him her contact info back in July
he never contacted her but when they saw
each other at his New Year's Eve party
they ended up making out and so she was
a little confused and she says why would
is he interested in me or and my initial
thought was this guy treated her like
she was chips and salsa you know when
you have when you go to a party and
there's chips and salsa if it's right in
front of you you'll eat it but maybe
it's not something that you wake up in
the morning craving right you got it
so if the guy saw that she was hot to
trot
he was then not to try it why not and
that's the attitude of most guys or
young adolescents and interested in sex
what's so terrible about that what I'll
have to get you into trouble if you just
pick up on their cues and not really
take care of herself and decide what it
is that you want and ultimately it's all
about you now I want to get back
whole thing what is the difference if
the guys into interracial dating or he's
not a great black are you agreeing or
you're a purple are you a great
who cares don't you just instead say I
am whatever her name is I am dr. gilda I
am me I hone identify myself by the
color of my skin by my hair color by
anything I think I am dr. gilda and I
want every young girl who was watching
this today to understand that she is so
special because of what's inside the
rest is just window dressing right
exactly because you really want people
to recognize you as an individual and so
and see us first as women not as black
women with that adjective in front but
just as a woman you know just like
everybody else and more than even as a
woman as somebody who has a soul
connection soul as oh you L with that
guy and what disturbs me most about this
letter is that she had given him her
contact information yes
did he act on it he do not for seven
months he had it seven months yeah human
eye crystal it had both been there mmm
whether thigh is interested in us he
will tear down walls I've had guys come
cross oceans
to see me I have guys come cross country
to see me now why I didn't promise Oh
guess what your booty call and that's a
long way to travel for a booty call
right so basically we need to just tell
this girl she needs to move on I mean
she was right there thank goodness that
they didn't you know go all the way cuz
I think she'd probably feel a little bit
more crummy had she had let the let it
go to the point to where she was indeed
a booty call her contact information she
went ahead and made out with him
whatever that meant
yeah her it didn't mean to him he
already yeah and and in an update when I
told her that we were going to go over
this together on camera you and I she
hadn't heard from him yeah just what I
say you know you were the prize before
you prize a partner you are the prize
and if you walk around thinking that you
are the prize then whoever comes to
fetch their prize is worth talking to
but if he's not coming to get you later
next exactly and with you see here's the
thing this is our second letter in two
weeks from women in New York City now I
am trying to figure out like what is
going on with New York City there's
people everywhere you've got millions of
single people like what is the deal
everywhere I mean I I have people coming
for advice online with me from all over
the world in countries that I never even
think about and all of a sudden they're
signing up for my advice why because
they're asking the same questions is
this young girl you know they're each
too lost
as soon as as soon as women stop putting
out in order to fit in then they will
have you here that you give it you can't
I mean that's the thing like you can't
and I think that while I really loved
what feminism did in the sexual
revolution and and women having control
over their bodies and being able to make
decisions with their bodies I think that
we have somehow lost something in that
we treat sex so cavalierly you know it
all goes back to the caveman days it
goes back to anthropology men are
hunters
thank you you hear that repeat that
please dr. gilda for my audience I don't
care how much feminism has been existing
right now men want to feel like they are
hunting for that prize yes you think of
yourself as a prize and you wait around
I'm not saying wait around whom really
calling nobody you get it out there and
have the most joyous life you have an
adventure on your own and he looks at
you or goes oh my god she is so exciting
yes that's what he wants because when he
does get you then he says wow I have
gotten such a prize exactly so that's
the message there you guys don't make
your so so available do not be the chips
and the salsa okay